index.md, before:

**Currently recruiting PhD candidates for space-related cybersecurity project [“Attack-resilient CubeSat constellations”](https://www.unisa.edu.au/research/degrees/research-projects/#attack-resilient-cubesat-constellations). Interested H1/H2A graduates with Australian citizenship are welcome to apply.**

# Bio #

I am Yee Wei Law (罗裔纬) or “Law” for short. I received my BEng, MEng and PhD degrees from University of Southampton, Nanyang Technological University, and University of Twente respectively. Before joining UniSA, I was a Research Fellow at the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, The University of Melbourne. I also contributed to teaching at Deakin University. 

I am currently a Senior Lecturer at University of South Australia (UniSA).  From 2017 to 2021, I was the Program Director for multiple electrical-related BEng (Hons) programs, namely Electrical and Electronic Engineering (ESE-LHIF), Electrical and Mechatronic Engineering (EMC-LHIF), Electrical and Electronic Engineering + Business (LBZB), and Mechatronic Engineering (LHEG).

Before 2021, I coordinated and taught EEET 3046 Control Systems and EEET 4071 Advanced Control. From 2020 to 2021, I coordinated and taught EEET 2044 Electromechanics. Since 2021, I have been coordinating and teaching [EEET 3016 Power Electronics](https://study.unisa.edu.au/courses/010830), and starting 2022, I will be coordinating and teaching [COMP 5074 Cryptography and Data Protection](https://study.unisa.edu.au/courses/172215) as well. A common thread in my teaching is model-based design, supported by analytical problem solving and computational thinking.

My research interests covered a broad spectrum, but I am currently focusing on space system security, adversarial machine learning and predictive maintenance. I was involved with numerous European projects on sensor networks, including EYES, SENSEI, Internet of Things Initiative, SmartSantander and SocIoTal; in particular, I was a Chief Investigator in the last three projects. In Australia, I was involved with ARC-funded sensor network and smart city testbed projects. I am serving on the editorial board for [International Journal of Distributed Sensor Networks](https://journals.sagepub.com/home/dsn) and [Journal of Computer Security and Data Forensics](https://jcsdf.sdust.edu.cn/). My publications can be found in ACM Transactions, IEEE Transactions, IEEE Magazines, EURASIP Journals and more, earning me a [Google Scholar H-index of 24](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=cJTPOloAAAAJ).

# Publications #

My up-to-date [list of publications](https://ywlaw.github.io/pub/ywlaw.pdf).

Commit message:

Added a comment about www.meshin.space.

index.md, after:

**Redirection of <code>www.meshin.space</code> to my personal homepage is temporary. Once the company website for “Mesh in Space” is ready, <code>www.meshin.space</code> will point there.**

# Bio #

I am Yee Wei Law (罗裔纬) or “Law” for short. I received my BEng, MEng and PhD degrees from University of Southampton, Nanyang Technological University, and University of Twente respectively. Before joining UniSA, I was a Research Fellow at the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, The University of Melbourne. I also contributed to teaching at Deakin University. 

I am currently a Senior Lecturer at University of South Australia (UniSA).  From 2017 to 2021, I was the Program Director for multiple electrical-related BEng (Hons) programs, namely Electrical and Electronic Engineering (ESE-LHIF), Electrical and Mechatronic Engineering (EMC-LHIF), Electrical and Electronic Engineering + Business (LBZB), and Mechatronic Engineering (LHEG).

Before 2021, I coordinated and taught EEET 3046 Control Systems and EEET 4071 Advanced Control. From 2020 to 2021, I coordinated and taught EEET 2044 Electromechanics. Since 2021, I have been coordinating and teaching [EEET 3016 Power Electronics](https://study.unisa.edu.au/courses/010830), and starting 2022, I will be coordinating and teaching [COMP 5074 Cryptography and Data Protection](https://study.unisa.edu.au/courses/172215) as well. A common thread in my teaching is model-based design, supported by analytical problem solving and computational thinking.

My research interests covered a broad spectrum, but I am currently focusing on space system security, adversarial machine learning and machine diagnostics. I was involved with numerous European projects on sensor networks, including EYES, SENSEI, Internet of Things Initiative, SmartSantander and SocIoTal; in particular, I was a Chief Investigator in the last three projects. In Australia, I was involved with ARC-funded sensor network and smart city testbed projects. I am serving on the editorial board for [International Journal of Distributed Sensor Networks](https://journals.sagepub.com/home/dsn) and [Journal of Computer Security and Data Forensics](https://jcsdf.sdust.edu.cn/). My publications can be found in ACM Transactions, IEEE Transactions, IEEE Magazines, EURASIP Journals and more, earning me a [Google Scholar H-index of 25](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=cJTPOloAAAAJ).

# Publications #

My up-to-date [list of publications](https://ywlaw.github.io/pub/ywlaw.pdf).
